docs/guide/responses.md, before:

---
id: responses
title: Response Format
category: Guides
---

Rather than using a fully custom way of representing the resources we expose in
Horizon, we use [HAL](http://stateless.co/hal_specification.html). HAL is a
hypermedia format in JSON that remains simple while giving us a couple of
benefits such as simpler client integration for several languages. See [this
wiki page](https://github.com/mikekelly/hal_specification/wiki/Libraries) for a
list of libraries.

## Attributes, Links, Embedded Resources

At its simplest, a HAL response is just a JSON object with a couple of reserved
property names:  `_links` is used for expressing links and `_embedded` is used
for bundling other HAL objects with the response.  Other than links and embedded
objects, **HAL is just JSON**.

### Links

HAL is a hypermedia format, like HTML, in that it has a mechanism to express
links between documents.  Let's look at a simple example:

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "/ledgers/1"
    },
    "transactions": {
      "href": "/ledgers/1/transactions{?cursor,limit,order}",
      "templated": true
    }
  },
  "id": "43cf4db3741a7d6c2322e7b646320ce9d7b099a0b3501734dcf70e74a8a4e637",
  "hash": "43cf4db3741a7d6c2322e7b646320ce9d7b099a0b3501734dcf70e74a8a4e637",
  "prev_hash": "",
  "sequence": 1,
  "transaction_count": 0,
  "operation_count": 0,
  "closed_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z"
}
```

The above response is for the genesis ledger of the Stellar test network, and
the links in the `_links` attribute provide links to other relavant resources in
Horizon.  Notice the object beneath the `transactions` key.  The key of each
link specifies that links relation to the current resource, and in this case
`transactions` means "Transactions that occurred in this ledger".  Logically,
you should expect that resource to respond with a collection of transactions
with all of the results having a `ledger_sequence` attribute equal to 1.

The `transactions` link is also _templated_, which means that the `href`
attribute of the link is actually a URI template, as specified by  [RFC
6570](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6570).  We use URI templates to show you
what parameters a give resource can take. You must evaluate the template to a
valid URI before navigating to it.

## Pages

TODO

## Streaming via Server-Sent Events

TODO

Commit message:

Responses doc - close stellar/stellar#139

docs/guide/responses.md, after:

---
id: responses
title: Response Format
category: Guides
---

Rather than using a fully custom way of representing the resources we expose in
Horizon, we use [HAL](http://stateless.co/hal_specification.html). HAL is a
hypermedia format in JSON that remains simple while giving us a couple of
benefits such as simpler client integration for several languages. See [this
wiki page](https://github.com/mikekelly/hal_specification/wiki/Libraries) for a
list of libraries.

## Attributes, Links, Embedded Resources

At its simplest, a HAL response is just a JSON object with a couple of reserved
property names:  `_links` is used for expressing links and `_embedded` is used
for bundling other HAL objects with the response.  Other than links and embedded
objects, **HAL is just JSON**.

### Links

HAL is a hypermedia format, like HTML, in that it has a mechanism to express
links between documents.  Let's look at a simple example:

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "/ledgers/1"
    },
    "transactions": {
      "href": "/ledgers/1/transactions{?cursor,limit,order}",
      "templated": true
    }
  },
  "id": "43cf4db3741a7d6c2322e7b646320ce9d7b099a0b3501734dcf70e74a8a4e637",
  "hash": "43cf4db3741a7d6c2322e7b646320ce9d7b099a0b3501734dcf70e74a8a4e637",
  "prev_hash": "",
  "sequence": 1,
  "transaction_count": 0,
  "operation_count": 0,
  "closed_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z"
}
```

The above response is for the genesis ledger of the Stellar test network, and
the links in the `_links` attribute provide links to other relavant resources in
Horizon.  Notice the object beneath the `transactions` key.  The key of each
link specifies that links relation to the current resource, and in this case
`transactions` means "Transactions that occurred in this ledger".  Logically,
you should expect that resource to respond with a collection of transactions
with all of the results having a `ledger_sequence` attribute equal to 1.

The `transactions` link is also _templated_, which means that the `href`
attribute of the link is actually a URI template, as specified by  [RFC
6570](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6570).  We use URI templates to show you
what parameters a give resource can take. You must evaluate the template to a
valid URI before navigating to it.

## Pages

Pages represent a subset of a larger collection of objects.
As an example, it would be unfeasible to provide the
[All Transactions][transactions_all] endpoint without paging.  Over time there
will be millions of transactions in the Stellar network's ledger and returning
them all over a single request would be unfeasible.

Read more about paging in following docs:
- [Page][resources/page.md],
- [Paging][guide/paging.md]

## Streaming via Server-Sent Events

Horizon is capable of streaming certain endpoints using Server-Sent Events. Read more about streaming in [Follow Received Payments][tutorials/follow-received-payments.md] tutorial.
