docs/reference/endpoints/accounts-single.md, before:

---
title: Account Details
clientData:
  laboratoryUrl: https://www.stellar.org/laboratory/#explorer?resource=accounts&endpoint=single
---

Returns information and links relating to a single [account](../resources/account.md).

The balances section in the returned JSON will also list all the [trust lines](https://www.stellar.org/developers/learn/concepts/assets.html) this account has set up.

## Request

```
GET /accounts/{account}
```

### Arguments

| name | notes | description | example |
| ---- | ----- | ----------- | ------- |
| `account` | required, string | Account ID | GA2HGBJIJKI6O4XEM7CZWY5PS6GKSXL6D34ERAJYQSPYA6X6AI7HYW36 |

### curl Example Request

```sh
curl "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GCEZWKCA5VLDNRLN3RPRJMRZOX3Z6G5CHCGSNFHEYVXM3XOJMDS674JZ"
```

### JavaScript Example Request

```js
var StellarSdk = require('stellar-sdk');
var server = new StellarSdk.Server('https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org');

server.accounts()
  .accountId("GCEZWKCA5VLDNRLN3RPRJMRZOX3Z6G5CHCGSNFHEYVXM3XOJMDS674JZ")
  .call()
  .then(function (accountResult) {
    console.log(accountResult);
  })
  .catch(function (err) {
    console.error(err);
  })
```

## Response

This endpoint responds with the details of a single account for a given ID. See [account resource](../resources/account.md) for reference.

### Example Response
```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB"
    },
    "transactions": {
      "href": "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB/transactions{?cursor,limit,order}",
      "templated": true
    },
    "operations": {
      "href": "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB/operations{?cursor,limit,order}",
      "templated": true
    },
    "payments": {
      "href": "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB/payments{?cursor,limit,order}",
      "templated": true
    },
    "effects": {
      "href": "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB/effects{?cursor,limit,order}",
      "templated": true
    },
    "offers": {
      "href": "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB/offers{?cursor,limit,order}",
      "templated": true
    }
  },
  "id": "GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB",
  "paging_token": "7275146318450689",
  "account_id": "GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB",
  "sequence": 7275146318446606,
  "subentry_count": 5,
  "thresholds": {
    "low_threshold": 0,
    "med_threshold": 0,
    "high_threshold": 0
  },
  "flags": {
    "auth_required": false,
    "auth_revocable": false
  },
  "balances": [
    {
      "balance": "126.8107491",
      "limit": "5000.0000000",
      "asset_type": "credit_alphanum4",
      "asset_code": "BAR",
      "asset_issuer": "GBAUUA74H4XOQYRSOW2RZUA4QL5PB37U3JS5NE3RTB2ELJVMIF5RLMAG"
    },
    {
      "balance": "294.0000000",
      "limit": "922337203685.4775807",
      "asset_type": "credit_alphanum4",
      "asset_code": "FOO",
      "asset_issuer": "GBAUUA74H4XOQYRSOW2RZUA4QL5PB37U3JS5NE3RTB2ELJVMIF5RLMAG"
    },
    {
      "balance": "9997.6802725",
      "asset_type": "native"
    }
  ],
  "signers": [
    {
      "public_key": "GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB",
      "weight": 1
    }
  ]
}
```

## Possible Errors

- The [standard errors](../errors.md#Standard-Errors).
- [not_found](../errors/not-found.md): A `not_found` error will be returned if there is no account whose ID matches the `account` argument.

Commit message:

add note about authorizing trust lines

docs/reference/endpoints/accounts-single.md, after:

---
title: Account Details
clientData:
  laboratoryUrl: https://www.stellar.org/laboratory/#explorer?resource=accounts&endpoint=single
---

Returns information and links relating to a single [account](../resources/account.md).

The balances section in the returned JSON will also list all the [trust lines](https://www.stellar.org/developers/learn/concepts/assets.html) this account has set up. Note this will only return trustlines that have the necessary authorization to work. Meaning if an accountA trusts another accountB that has the [authorization required](https://www.stellar.org/developers/guides/concepts/accounts.html#flags) flag set the trustline wont show up until accountB [allows](https://www.stellar.org/developers/guides/concepts/list-of-operations.html#allow-trust) accountA to hold its assets.

## Request

```
GET /accounts/{account}
```

### Arguments

| name | notes | description | example |
| ---- | ----- | ----------- | ------- |
| `account` | required, string | Account ID | GA2HGBJIJKI6O4XEM7CZWY5PS6GKSXL6D34ERAJYQSPYA6X6AI7HYW36 |

### curl Example Request

```sh
curl "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GCEZWKCA5VLDNRLN3RPRJMRZOX3Z6G5CHCGSNFHEYVXM3XOJMDS674JZ"
```

### JavaScript Example Request

```js
var StellarSdk = require('stellar-sdk');
var server = new StellarSdk.Server('https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org');

server.accounts()
  .accountId("GCEZWKCA5VLDNRLN3RPRJMRZOX3Z6G5CHCGSNFHEYVXM3XOJMDS674JZ")
  .call()
  .then(function (accountResult) {
    console.log(accountResult);
  })
  .catch(function (err) {
    console.error(err);
  })
```

## Response

This endpoint responds with the details of a single account for a given ID. See [account resource](../resources/account.md) for reference.

### Example Response
```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB"
    },
    "transactions": {
      "href": "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB/transactions{?cursor,limit,order}",
      "templated": true
    },
    "operations": {
      "href": "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB/operations{?cursor,limit,order}",
      "templated": true
    },
    "payments": {
      "href": "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB/payments{?cursor,limit,order}",
      "templated": true
    },
    "effects": {
      "href": "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB/effects{?cursor,limit,order}",
      "templated": true
    },
    "offers": {
      "href": "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org/accounts/GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB/offers{?cursor,limit,order}",
      "templated": true
    }
  },
  "id": "GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB",
  "paging_token": "7275146318450689",
  "account_id": "GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB",
  "sequence": 7275146318446606,
  "subentry_count": 5,
  "thresholds": {
    "low_threshold": 0,
    "med_threshold": 0,
    "high_threshold": 0
  },
  "flags": {
    "auth_required": false,
    "auth_revocable": false
  },
  "balances": [
    {
      "balance": "126.8107491",
      "limit": "5000.0000000",
      "asset_type": "credit_alphanum4",
      "asset_code": "BAR",
      "asset_issuer": "GBAUUA74H4XOQYRSOW2RZUA4QL5PB37U3JS5NE3RTB2ELJVMIF5RLMAG"
    },
    {
      "balance": "294.0000000",
      "limit": "922337203685.4775807",
      "asset_type": "credit_alphanum4",
      "asset_code": "FOO",
      "asset_issuer": "GBAUUA74H4XOQYRSOW2RZUA4QL5PB37U3JS5NE3RTB2ELJVMIF5RLMAG"
    },
    {
      "balance": "9997.6802725",
      "asset_type": "native"
    }
  ],
  "signers": [
    {
      "public_key": "GD42RQNXTRIW6YR3E2HXV5T2AI27LBRHOERV2JIYNFMXOBA234SWLQQB",
      "weight": 1
    }
  ]
}
```

## Possible Errors

- The [standard errors](../errors.md#Standard-Errors).
- [not_found](../errors/not-found.md): A `not_found` error will be returned if there is no account whose ID matches the `account` argument.
